The prologue takes place in the year **-1** ( i.e the year before [[The Foundation]]) where you meet [[Caduntian Legion]] brothers [[Aescar Duskborne]] and [[Harkan Nightshade]], two elite brothers who have agreed to take upon the suicide mission to gather the ingredients to cure the [[Curse of Rellivvra]], in order to save the children of the population of an early [[Sundown Citadel]] (at this point its little more than a large town with weak and damaged walls.) 

The [[Children of the Eternal Flame]], a religious order of the flame god [[Kelthar]]are holding the wall and key buildings in the city as the [[The Curséd Folk]] and [[Shadow]] of [[Vorenthar]] launch constant attacks on the city. The players have been recruited from adventurers or citizens of the [[Sundown Citadel| Sundown Town]] in its moment of need. Two warriors of the [[Caduntian Legion]], named [[Aescar Duskborne]] and [[Harkan Nightshade]] respectively have gathered this unit for what is in actuality a last ditch attempt to save the children of this city who've been cursed. Clerics of their legion believe they have the cure to break the curse. However to gather the last ingredients, you have to travel outside of the city to retrieve the materials. Through the monsters outside.

Once the group returns and gathers the necessary resources.... a loud laughter is heard bouncing from wall to wall within the town...  [[Vorenthar]], lord of the shadows cackles with laughter as the [[Children of the Eternal Flame]] surrendered the church where the children were being protected and quarantined, and killed the children as a mercy killing. [[Harkan Nightshade]] collapses in a rage, attacking the [[Children of the Eternal Flame]] but is halted by [[Vorenthar]] himself... 
until [[Aescar Duskborne]] stands face to face with a god, and with the fury of a man who has done nothing but help. With the fury of a warrior... with the fury of an honest man.. with the fury of pure.. unbridled justice.... with the fury ... of a god... He banishes the god from the town, he tells the god his time here is done. Holding a small pocket watch from the pocket of an innocent child it glows with a brilliant blue light, and for the onlookers, [[Aescar Duskborne]] himself does too. 
As he swears to crusade against [[Vorenthar]] and demands that any god that failed in the [[Second War of the Gods]], to join him or live forever in their failure, watching as the [[Aescar Crusade]] sets out to do what they failed to do, and end the [[Nether Enclave]]

**Reminder to Eoin**

Any player characters that survive will have heavy influence on the [[Sundown Citadel]] and the [[Aescar Infinite]] so ask players what their survivng characters would do.